Program 1: Backchannel app
==========================

1. This semester, as you know, we’re employing a backchannel during class in CSC/ECE 517.  However, as a backchannel, Twitter has some important limitations.
2. You can’t search for posts by new people for a few days after they sign up.
3. There’s no way to identify oneself unless you have your own (public) Twitter account.
4. There’s no easy way to figure out how many posts an individual has done; you have to aggregate the results and use external software.
5. There’s no rating system for posts.
6. There’s no threading; all replies appear in the same linear stream.
7. Account administration is up to Twitter, not up to us.  We have no defense against spam to @csc517.

Using Ruby on Rails, we will create an app to address these shortcomings.

Features
========

1. Anyone can create an account by filling out a form that comes up on the homepage of the app.
2. Any user with an account can post.
3. Anyone (account or not) can search by user or content, by using the Search box on the homepage.
4. Any logged-in user can “cheer” (or “uncheer”) any post.
     *  The system maintains a count of cheers for each post.
     *  When the system displays a post, next to the post should be the number of cheers.
     *  You cannot cheer your own posts.
     *  Cheer UI should look good for both logged in and non-logged in users.
5. Any logged-in user can reply to a post (but not to a reply; i.e., only to a depth of 1).
     *  A user can also cheer a reply (by someone else).
6. If a user logs in as an admin, (s)he sees a different interface from what non-admins see.
     *  Administrators can create other admin accounts.
     *  Administrators can delete posts or users
     *  View reports on post activity, including number of cheers for each post such that it is possible to use this report to assign grades.

Tables
======

Tables must not be created directly in SQLite. Instead, you must use the db:migrate functionality of rails to create your database tables. Recall that Rails creates three versions of each db: Production, testing, and development.  You should have a test target that populates the database with sufficient sample data to allow for testing. You should also have a production target that initializes the database in an empty state. The use of the development target is left up to you (you don’t have to submit one).

We expect your application to have at least the following tables:
users
posts
cheers (this is a join table between users and posts)

Testing
=======

You must submit unit tests for all classes.  The tests must cover all important branches of the code.  You may use Test::Unit or, for extra credit, RSpec.  If you use one of the GUI testing frameworks (such as Webrat) covered in Lecture 9, you will receive 10% extra credit.
